okay dr. bara let's stick up our next
meal which is from Punjab and he is babe
cocktail
he wrote have a very nice spot garden
where I want to place my species of
plant and also I have many bonsai to
butt off my friend told me that to buzz
a is not to a good a spur punctuate
should I believe him or not please
suggest me mister Dave it's very good to
have a garden at home which gives you a
pleasant and fresh feeling and as your
question is that you should keep bonsai
at your home or not well I'll give you
the answer before that I would like to
give you some tips so that you can
follow those tips and you will
definitely get you will feel good after
doing all those things well the very
first thing the garden should be in
north east east and north
small plants can be planted in north
east and northeast and keep lightweight
flower pots with small plants in it
trees can be planted in southwest south
and west and also keep heavyweight
flowers but on the same direction now
about your question bonsai should be
avoided as those are dwarf plants and is
a spur Feng Shui this is not allowed as
your friend is telling you right giving
you right suggestion what you can avoid
this avoid bonsai plants milky plants
captures and Tony plants so avoid all
these plants if I'm talking about the
money plant so is it okay as per fancy
or not good because many people placed
money plant in their houses as money
plant can be placed in not northeast and
east as it is the light it's a very
light plant so it can be placed anywhere
in the garden also and you can keep it
in the flower pot at any any place at
your home no problem with money plant
awareness you can be number nine five
nine five five or six which is
www.obamaspoof.com you know also me last
month things I see but after a young
actor a gmail.com that he should supply